Hello, good morning, I'm Esther Serrano .
beverly nutrition and we are here live
germany this special year like 20
I came as a mere visitor this year
I come as a businesswoman and also as a
athlete for me it is a pride to come
representing Spain as you see in a
international fair as this is the most
important perhaps globally as
many you will know represents my own
brand beverly nutrition that we have here
an exponent of them
here my product stars this product
is the one who saves me the
preparations because it's apart from the
milkshake that I get drunk like all the
world that I also make my pancakes
with oats and really that has saved me
the preparation because it has changed so much
18 years ago now that really the
feeding and supplementation has
evolved in such a way that we
It makes it a little easier for all
athletes especially good since the
athletes that we are in period of
competition almost all year despite
be in germany we have our own
central here there is also a company
mega store I think it's mega store because
We are many fitness mega store in
Germany is our distributor and it is
that is taking care of the
organization of this event despite
we are very proud and very
satisfied to be representing as
I say to one of the Spanish companies in
is in this fair as many others
partners that we have here we are already
tired because we have many hours of
standing because people like all the
fairs you want to take photos
and you have to be with everyone as
It is natural to attend and we are looking forward
go home too but look
I wanted to introduce you another product
that also helps me in my
preparations that is the beta creates 3 a
3 creatine mix of the highest
quality that helps me recover from
my workouts already be in better
way every day in the morning to
face it as we can
So, just telling you is a
precious event very important eye nothing
that envy a national event
a lot of public crowd because
there are four or five pavilions this is
Huge but really worth the
come and see him being in this environment
go pushing in the bathroom and to take a
coffee and how do I say I'm proud
started from below as a mere
attending the fair looking with eyes of
envy all athletes and be able
to be here this year as an athlete and as
representative of my own signature
thank you very much, greetings keep caring
yes above all find your dream
chase it and I'll fulfill it jce
i